CTOR-2174 operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent - mode "Files-Generic" - add details and examples (#5086)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/operatingsystems-windows-centreon-monitoring-agent.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Files-Generic" label="Files-Generic">

Checks files in a directory tree, applies filters, and evaluates file metadata (size, timestamps, version, line count, etc.) for monitoring and alerting.

| Macro          | Description                                                                                                                                                                        | Mandatory | Allowed values               | Default value                | Examples       |
|:---------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------:|:-----------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|
| PATHS          | Root directory to search files in.                                                                                                                                                 |     X     |                              |                              | path/to/file   |

> | PATTERN        | Shell-style wildcards pattern to match filenames.<br/>* can be used as wildward                                                                                                    |           |                              | `*.*`                        |                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PATTERN        | Shell-style wildcards pattern to match filenames.<br/>* can be used as a wildcard                                                                                                    |           |                              | `*.*`                        |                |
```

| WARNING        | WARNING status items count must be strictly higher than this value to trigger WARNING.                                                                                             |           |                              | 0                            | 0 = at least 1 file to trigger alert    |
| CRITICAL       | CRITICAL status items count must be strictly higher than this value to trigger CRITICAL.                                                                                           |           |                              | 0                            | 0 = at least 1 file to trigger alert    |
| VERBOSE        | Display detailed file info.                                                                                                                                                        |           |                              | false                        |                 |

> ### Filters expressions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Filter expressions
```
